---
description: >-
  For those who attended the live webinar on November 14th - thank you! For
  those who missed it, below is the recording.
---

# 📺 Release Video

{% embed url="https://dev.navigahub.com/mothership/resources/videos/WhatsNewinNavigaAd2023_5.mp4" %}

Below are the topics covered in the Webinar, along with the start times in case you want to skip ahead.   Be sure to check out the [release guide](https://docs.navigaglobal.com/temp-space-for-2023.5/IAKlhMixZO4v3wZM7alq/) for ALL the new features, including the ones below.

* Variable Pricing by Payment Type (additional workflows supported) and ACH (1:30)
* Affidavit Automation (17:45)
* Deadlines by Artwork types (25:05)
* Classified Self Service - Dynamic Pricing (29:53)
* Email Integration Monitor (36:13)
* Credit Control Notes automatically added for Paylinks (39:41)
* Opportunity Confirmation forms (40:00)



There were a few questions asked during the webinar that I needed to get some clarification on.  We have responded back directly to the person who asked the question, but just in case others listening later had the same question here are the responses:

* There was a question about whether or not the ACH support extended to UK clients or if it is just US - the answer yes, but that support varies by specific gateway.  We do expect to be able to support Stripe in Jan/Feb of 2024, which is the specific bank asked about in the webinar.  Currently supported banks for ACH include Edgil, Authorize.net, ImpressPay and Braintree. &#x20;
* There was also a question about Artwork type being available in Interface Link.  The answer is no, not currently, but if it is needed the user was directed to open a support ticket and request it to be added.
* Also a comment to the question about whether or not ImpressPay is required for implementing Variable Pricing by Payment type.  While Naviga does not restrict what processor must be used for this functionality - there are also rules that must be adhered to to remain in compliance with the credit card companies requirements to accept credit card payments.  These rules vary by processor and by country, so your best bet is to contact Naviga Customer Success to discuss your specific needs before implementing this new add on feature.
